{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Observations from Tumor Response to Treatment\
	Observing the  graph  \'91Tumor Response to Treatment\'92, the mice in the Capomulin condition showed a decrease in the volume of the tumor over a 45 day period. Whereas mice in the Infubinol, Ketapril, and Placebo conditions showed a continued increase in the volume of tumors. The graph suggests the only effective treatment for the volume of tumors within the mice was the Capomulin condition while the other two conditions, Infubinol and Ketapril, did not appear to show any statistical significance compared to the placebo as the error bars appear to overlap. \
\
Oversavationals from Metastatic Spread During Treatment \
	Observing the graph \'91Metastatic Spread During Treatment\'92 once again Capomulin appears to be the most effective drug at slowing the spread of metastatic sites within the mice. It can also be observed that Infubinol condition has a significant difference from the placebo condition. The Ketapril condition appears to be the only condition in with there is not statistical significance from the placebo condition. \
\
Observations from Survival Rate During Treatment\
	Over the 45 day trial period it is observed that Capomulin has the highest survival rate among the conditions, and the only survival rate that is greater than the placebo condition. The Infubinol condition and the Ketapril condition appear to be equal to or lower in regards to mice survival rates when compared to the placebo condition. \
\
Conclusion:\
	It can be concluded based off the graphs presented within the project that mice who were treated under the Capomulin condition had the overall best result having the lowest tumor size, lowest spread of metastatic sites, and highest survival rate over the 45 day trial period. \
}